# Team : PointAbsolute
This project is developed by Team PointAbsolute for the Ajrasakha Hackathon. Our team is dedicated to creating innovative solutions that leverage technology to address real-world challenges.

## how to work together 
- We use Git and GitHub for version control and collaboration.
- Each team member should create their own branch in main repository(not forked repo) 
    - always push updates to your branch.
    - Use descriptive commit messages or you could just use prompt messages as commit messages.
    - create pull requests don't merge directly to main branch.(even though you have access)
- Review each other's code and provide constructive feedback.
- always try to just focus on your code part don't change other parts unless necessary and be considerate that other members need to work too.

## AI Assistance
- you may use AI tools but please make sure to review and understand the code generated by AI.
- don't populate the repo with 1000 lines of same code in deferent places
- don't populate with too many md files

## AI tools suggestions
- GitHub Copilot (use good models , my suggestion is claude opus)
- codex (free for all with high limits)

## extension might be useful
- ES7+ React/Redux/React-Native snippets
- Prettier - Code formatter
- ESLint
- GitLens — Git supercharged
- error lens
- pretty ts errors
- TODO Highlight
- mongoDB for VS Code
- REST Client (thunder client,postman, bruno etc also works)
- code spell checker
- import cost
- template string converter
- tailwind CSS IntelliSense